# Ruby AU July Meeting Agenda

**Start time: 7:04pm.**

## Attendees

  * Len Garvey (President)
  * Jo Cranford (Treasurer)
  * Ryan Bigg (Secretary)
  * Tom Ridge
  * Lauren Hennessey
  * Ed Tippett
  * Kylie Gusset
  * Andre Vidic

## RailsCamp 19 (Lauren Hennessey)

  * Details posted in Slack about RailsCamp. (to be included here)
  * Everything covered financially, a few things not quite yet paid for.
  * Decent percentage of women. Len gives Lauren kudos.
  * Really positive feedback.

##  RailsCamp 20

  **Who will host it?**
  **Where will it be?**
  **When will it be?**

  * Crickets from the committee.
  * We do need a second one because of volunteers.
  * Ideally should be in Tasmania, in November.
  * Talk to @pat, find people interested in organising through him.
  * Setting up a RailsCamp requires local people.
  * Saying come to Melbourne in November + February seems like it's "come to Melbourne" too much.
  * Lauren suggests having a Brisbane camp. Tom agrees that it's a good idea.
  * <RailsCamp 21 discussion redacted> (It's a secret!)

  **Outcomes:**

  * Tom to bring hosting a RailsCamp up in Brisbane, possibly at Springbrook again.
  * Lauren to talk to Pat and find out if Julian Russel is interested in hosting.

## RubyConf AU 2017 (Mel Kaulfauss)

  * Mel not present, Jo talking instead.
  * 4 tickets sold, 3 are diversity tickets.
  * Emailed mailing list about RubyConf.
  * Aaron Patterson confirmed on Twitter, Tim Riley, Asia(?) Hammerly
  * We have more speakers we're following up with.
  * Small sponsors interested in sponsoring and locking it down.
  * Len says that we should be doing some marketing of our own to promote RubyConf AU; at meetups.
  * CFP opening soon.
  * We'll be trying to give speakers early feedback in their CFP process.

  **Outcomes**:

  * Committee Members to do promotion of the event at meetups that they attend.
  * Nailing down the sponsors.

## Constitution Rebuild (Mel Sherrin)

  **Defining the roles for each member of the committee**

  **Outcomes**:

  * Ryan to chase up Mel Sherrin and get this process started.

## "New Committee Member" guide

  * **"One stop shop" for all committee member contact details (Slack?) (Lauren / Ryan / Andre)**
  * **Where do new committee members read up about their role?**
  * **Responsibility handovers**
  * Len manages the passwords (as President)
  * There are some docs in Google Docs
  * Jo suggests having a secretary@ruby.org.au email address for sharing access to different systems for secretary.
  * Andre asks: Pat Allan is the "public officer" for Ruby Australia?
  * Lauren suggests adding contact details to Slack, and mentioning them in the committee channel.

  **Outcomes**:

  * Write some "position descriptions" / "guides" for the committee positions to clarify them. Lauren to work on this.
  * Ownership for ruby.au accounts should be an email from the organisation.
  * Ryan Bigg to talk to Keith Pitty regarding domain registration.
  * Ryan to talk with Pat about being the "public officer" for Ruby Australia, possible transfer required?

## Possibility of Ruby AU funding Ruby Together

  * Len says that there's something to explore
  * Jo says that the purpose of Ruby AU is to assist events in Ruby Australia, rather than donate to another not-for-profit.
  * Kylie says that if we support them, that may set a precedent about who to support in the future. She suggests not supporting anyone. Jo agrees.

  **Outcomes:**;

  * No overwhelming support amongst the committee to directly support it.
  * The committee can use our platform to direct people to sponsor Ruby Together themselves.

## Review of sponsorship (Jo)

  * **Who will do what to help move it forward**

  * Jo says that sponsorship should cover two RailsCamps and a conference per year.
  * We should try to get more sponsors to put us in a better position.
  * Len says that we should have enough money in the bank to "support a complete failure of a camp" (i.e. if a camp had to be cancelled).
  * Jo says that she's gone back through the P&L since RailsCamp Sydney, says that we lost $45k on the Gold Cost Ruby Conference. We have $50k leftover, and we're using that as a buffer. We'll be using a fair amount of that to fund a conference in a location that isn't Melbourne or Sydney.
  * It isn't Ruby.AU's aim to spend "every last penny" of the money (just so that we have a buffer)
  * Jo has a spreadsheet of possible sponsors. We should reach out to them about sponsoring Ruby.AU.
  * Len says that we need to provide a value for the company during their sponsoring. Big-tier sponsors get coverage at meetups, conferences, camps and on social media. Sapphire sponsors get to sponsor a single event (up to a max of 5).
  * Jo says that we could get a Sapphire sponsor to sponsor a lunch at a conference.
  * Len suggests a sponsor could sponsor a camp or a Rails Girls event.
  * Andre asks Jo how he can help gather sponsors.
  * Jo's been collecting sponsors logos / blurbs to use across all events, to make it easier for event hosts to talk about who is sponsoring them.
  * Kylie suggests getting Atlassian to sponsor. They're not quite technologically aligned with Ruby, but they may be interested in sponsoring diversity tickets.
  * Jo brings up that Vinomofo is interested in hosting.
  * Jo says that invoicing sponsors is easy enough to do.

  **Outcomes:**

  * Andre and Tom to help Jo out with rounding up / working with the sponsors.
  * Jo, Tom & Andre to go through Jo's spreadsheet of sponsors.


## Financial docs (Jo)

  * **what should we publish and where to? (past records are easy to generate, but future stuff is more difficult and more useful) - also we need to ensure we answer the questions raised at the AGM**

  * Jo has generated Profit and Loss (P&L) reports. Canberra Camp, last RubyConf and recent Adelaide Camp have been done.
  * Jo suggests hosting these reports on the website for the most transparency.
  * Len says that we should generate these reports because it's brought up at AGMs frequently, and it's also useful to event runners.

  **Outcomes:**

  * Jo to generate P&L reports for each quarter, and each evnet.

## Website Updates

  * **Conslidating changes to the Rails app + deployment to heroku**
  * **Membership database specifications (Lauren)**
  * **Indicate to attendees of RailsCamps that they are automatically members of Ruby Australia (Andr√©)**
  * Ryan to get in contact with ruby.org.au domain owner and transfer ownership.
  * Ed needs to know what information we want to collect on users & how much to display on the website.
  * Len says that it should manage the Campaign Monitor list.
  * Jo says it would be a good idea to have a "Camp" / "Conference" list.
  * Ryan suggests first name, last name, email address (optional)
  * Lauren suggests Twitter handles too. Kylie agrees.
  * Jo says that we need to have a privacy policy if we're collecting users' data like this.
  * Len says that the committee should be able to see the data. Regular users should not be able to see other users data.
  * Ed says there's a Google Doc for memberships. Ben Schwarz has access to it.

  **Outcomes**:

  * Ryan to get in contact with ruby.org.au domain owner and transfer ownership.
  * Ryan / Ed to deploy the Rails app to Heroku.
  * Ed to get in touch with Ben Schwarz for the membership database.
  * Kylie to update the committee member list.

**Meeting ends: 8:02pm.**
