# Ruby AU January Meeting Agenda

* Meeting start: 7:35pm

## Members present

* Ryan Bigg
* Ana Djordevic
* Lauren Hennessey
* Anton Katunin
* Toby Nieboer
* Rachelle LeQuesne
* Jo Cranford

## Lauren to have shared 1Password vault/Slack/Google account access with Ryan (Lauren)

* 1password + google account done!

Action:

* Lauren is not the owner on Slack, so needs to get in touch with the original owner.

## Trello team setup, boards created (Lauren)

* Anton has been the one running with the creation of the boards.
* Anton has started a general board, and two more boards for the forum and documentation projects.
* Anton has asked committee members to look over the board and to track work on the board as it comes up.

##  Did we remove past committee members from 1pw/slack/google? (Lauren)

* Not done yet, but will be done by the time the next meeting rolls round.

Actions:

* Lauren to remove past committee members from 1pw/slack/google.

## Checkin on Mitchell (TwoRedKites) progress on membership database. (Tom)

* Tom is absent from the meeting, but has filled in Lauren with details.
* Lauren has talked with Tom regarding this and Tom will be talking with Ed Tippett regarding the membership database.
* It is unknown if any progress has been made.

Actions:

* Check on membership database progress with Tom & TwoRedKits.

## RailsCamp inventoring progress (Tom Ridge & Rob Jacoby)

* Lauren hasn't received inventoring progress information from Tom & Rob yet.

Actions:

* Lauren to follow up with Tom & Rob regarding inventoring progress.

## Checkin on bank card re-issuing progress (Jo & Ryan)

* Ryan and Jo haven't done this yet due to RubyConf organisation busyness by Jo.
* Will do after RubyConf.

Actions:

* Ryan & Jo to look at bank card re-issuing soon.

## Annual statements - Did the accountants handle this yet? (Jo & Ryan)

* Ryan and Jo haven't done this yet due to RubyConf organisation busyness by Jo.
* Will do after RubyConf.

Actions:

* Ryan & Jo to look at annual statements

## Will we close rails-oceania and move it to a forum system(i.e. Discourse) (Anton)

* Anton has talked to Pat (the most active moderator of rails-oceania), and decided that because rails-oceania isn't very active that it's not worthwhile converting rails-oceania over to a Discourse system.
* Anton has created a lot of cards on the forum project board to work out how we can drive more discussions to the mailing list.

## Onboarding documentation project (Anton)

* There's an onboarding documentation project Trello board.
* Rachelle has been helping out on this board so far.
* Anton has gone through as much documentation as possible to figure out what should go in the onboarding guides.

Actions:

* Anton will need access to the Ruby AU GitHub account to make changes to repos within that account.
* Anton is going through feedback from the first RubyConf and will put that up somewhere accessible for future conference runners later on.

## Porting the Constitution to Markdown (Anton)

* Kevin Yank has been porting the constitution to Markdown and has completed it and has an open PR.

Actions:

* Ryan Bigg to review Kevin's PR for the Constitution.

## Sponsorship plans for the new year (Jo)

* Jo + Rachelle talked about sponsorship packages prior to the meeting.
* Rachelle has looked at the sponsorship documents and meeting headcount. Is still working out sponsorship packages for the new year.

Actions:

* RB to make sure there's a card for Sponsorship packages on the general board, RL and JC to be attached to it.

## RubyConf AU 2018 hosts (Jo)

* Jo has been busy with RubyConf 2017.
* Jo wanted to put something out on rails-oceania and the Slack accounts to let people know we're looking for hosts.

Actions:

* Someone from the Committee to handle announcing that we need hosts. JC and AD/RL to work together on this.

## End of 2017 RailsCamp hosting (Toby)

* Toby has not heard from John Dalton regarding this.
* Ryan: "If it's not a 'hell yes', it's a no"
* Toby & Ryan agree that the next RailsCamp is going to be in Melbourne.
* Jo suggests to have people who are always available, rather than just intermittently.
* Lauren suggests that the above should perhaps be added to the guide?
* Ryan: late november camp?
* Toby: late october preferrably

Actions:

* Lauren to link Toby to the "Running a RailsCamp" documentation.

## Administrative support for other communities (Jo)

* Jo thinks we may have been approached by CampJS people earlier.
* Jo wants to help the ElixirCamp people because she wants to go to one.
* Jo: Do we want to offer administrative support to other communities?
* Lauren: we should not try to add too much the plates of committee members.
* Jo: Running RailsGirls would've been hard if Ruby Australia treasurer wasn't there to handle invoices.
* Jo: Do other camps need to handle public liability insurance? What if the camp is cancelled?
* Jo: It costs $20k to run a RailsCamp, $10k of that being sponsorship money.
* Toby: maybe we can help the other groups by providing experience?
* Jo: going to talk with Toby about RailsCamp and going to copy everything Toby's doing for ElixirCamp
* Anton: Maybe we should help those groups start up their own organisations? Help them for a year.
* Jo: "Surely our aim is to just grow and become all powerful?"
* Jo: As an organisation we've learned how to run events + a committee. Why put another community of people through all the pain that we had when we started the organisation?
* Jo: We pay $450/month for accountants and Xero package. It's thousands of dollars a year that could be shared across organisations.
* Anton: We need to find out how much effort is required by the other camps to help them out.
* Toby: Finding out how we can help with a theoretical ElixirCamp is a great start. Sitting here trying to rule in/out theoretical things... we would be better off working with concrete things.
* Lauren: Agrees with Toby.

Actions:

* Jo: Talking with Martin + Garrett about ElixirCamp assistance tomorrow over Zoom.
* Devise a way of supporting other camps (is it just liability insurance + accountancy?)

## Rails camp 21 update (Darwin) (Lauren)

* Venue is locked in
* Catering is being sorted
* Ticket prices are sorted
* Budget is being built up
* Looking at liability insurance _with regards to crocodiles_ (jk)
* Toby: "Crocodiles will not be a danger at RailsCamp 22"
* Toby: When are tickets being released?
* Lauren: I am not sure yet. "Soon™"
* Toby: Post RubyConf Soon™?, Lauren: Yes

## Apologies for being so slack (Lauren)

* Lauren: I just wanted to apologise for being so slack. It's been Christmas, and I wanted to be more active and proactive than what I've been. Will work harder.

## Organising an optional recurring committee work night (Lauren & Anton)

* Anton went to the Ruby Hack Night and did a bunch of committee work.
* Lauren didn't go because it conflicts with MelbJS.
* Lauren talked with Colby Swandale (organiser of Ruby Hack Night) about potentially moving the date of the Hack Night.
* Anton + Lauren talked about having an online work session, rather than all being together in person.
* Lauren suggests alternating fortnights.
* Toby suggests having the in-person meetings at TeamSquare.

Action:

* Lauren to pick time + date for committee work nights

## Ruby AU general TODO board (Anton)

* Ruby AU Website Trello board needs going through. Issues should be pulled over to the Ruby AU general board.
* Community should be notified that a committee meeting is happening. Ryan will be handling this.
* Update RailsCamp twitter account with the latest RailsCamp information.
* Anton has assigned Tom Ridge to go through RailsCamp guide and update it.

Actions:

* Ryan (Secretary) to share meeting minutes after they happen.
* Lauren needs to give Rob + friends access to the RailsCamp twitter account.

## Insurance for Camps (Lauren)

* Who will handle the insurance for the upcoming camp?
* Jo: it's the responsibility of the camps to make sure they have the right insurance.
* Jo: If we get a claim then it will effect our insurance policy.

Actions:

* Jo to send Lauren/Rob public liability insurance details (through Google Docs)

## RailsCamp 20 AGM PR


* Tom's notes on the RailsCamp 20 AGM need a PR review (https://github.com/rubyaustralia/ruby_au/pull/12/files)

Actions:

* Lauren to review this PR

## Bios on website

* Toby asked if someone was in charge of handling pictures / bios for the website.
* Ryan says he'll handle this

Actions:

* Ryan to chase up people for bios / pictures


* Meeting ends: 8:28pm
